CSC 231 Lab8 - Introduction to Prolog
Georgina Hutchins
03/23/15


1. 9 New Definitions:

	1) father(X,Y) is a male parent, so combine the male and parent facts. 

	2) daughter(X,Y) is the female child of a parent, so if it is true that
		object X has a parent (there exists a fact: parent(Y,X) in the database),
		and is a female, then X is the daughter of Y.
	
	3) son(X,Y) is a male child (has a parent). If there exists a parent(Y,X) for 
		object X, and X is also a male, then X is the son of Y.

	4) sister(X,Y) is a female sibling, so use the siblings(X,Y) definition and check
		the fact that X is female.

	5) brother(X,Y) is a male sibling, so use the siblings definition and check
		that male(X) is true.

	6) grandfather(X,Y) has two definitions, accouting for a mother's father or a 
		father's father. X is the grandfather of Y if X is the father of Z
		and Z is the father of Y, or if X is the father of Z and Z is the 
		mother of Y. 

	7) aunt(X,Y) has alternate definitions, accounting for a mother's sister or
		father's sister. If X is the sister of Z, and Z is either the mother
		or father of Y, then X is the aunt of Y.

 	8) uncle(X,Y) has alternate definitions, accounting for a mother's brother 
		or father's brother. If X is the brother of Z and Z is either the 
		mother of father of Y, then X is the uncle of Y.

	9) cousin(X,Y) has 4 definitions, since a cousin can be a male or female
		child of an aunt or uncle. If X is the son/daughter of Z and
		Z is the uncle/aunt of Y, then X is cousins with Y.

2. Recursive Definitions:
	
	1) isnatural(X) is a recursive definition with the base case X = 0.
		If X = 0, then use internal temporary variable Y to hold
		the value of X-1, and recursively call isnatural(Y).

	2) factorial(A,B) is a recursive definition with the base case of
		A = 0, result B = 1. If A > 0, use temporary varibale C
		to hold the value of A-1, recursively call factorial(C,D).
		D will hold the result of calling factorial on A-1. Then
		compute the result of multiplying A * D, which is really 
		A * (A-1), and store the result in B to return.

	3) Fibonacci(A,B) has the base cases A = 0,1 then B = 1. For A > 1,
		use temp variable C to store the value of A-1, and temp variable
		D to store the value of A-2. Recursively call fibonacci on A-1
		and A-2 using cariables C and D and store the result in temp variables
		E and F, respectively. Compute the sum of E and F, store in B and return.

3. fulfilledCSMajor(Student) returns true or false based on if the student of interest
	has taken all of the courses required for the BS in Computer Science.fulfilledCSMajor()
	uses a list of facts from the definition taken(), that indicates the student of 
	interest, and what courses they have taken so far. The function tests for the core
	requirements in cs and math, and then uses the definition above300() to ensure that
	the student has taken four different courses above the 300 level. Choice() is a
	definition that lists the options for the last math requirement. If taken() for a
	particular student returns true for one of these 3 options (math 121,205,206), then
	choice() will return true also.










